Add Growth Support info doc (#1052)
onflow/docs: docs/growth/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Growth
description: Get advice, support, and resources for each stage of development for your project.
---

At each stage of your project, you can get advice, support, and resources from the Flow ecosystem. Here's a breakdown of what you should be doing and what you can get at each stage:

## Product Idea

You've got an **idea** for an app, game, or project that you want to build on Flow.

### What you should be doing

* Developing the idea in a written format, such as a pitch deck, whitepaper, design doc, or business plan
* Writing software
* Joining a hackathon or buildathon

### What you can get

* Technical support
* Product support
* Marketing support for your launch
* DevRel

## MVP/Demo/Hackathon Project Complete

You've got something that works in a place others can use it and experience key features of your product.

### What you should be doing

* Writing software
* Integrating with service providers
* Getting user feedback and improving your product

### What you can get

> * Direct contact with Flow Foundation through a Developer Relations Lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Direct contact with Flow Foundation through a DevRel Lead.
```

Reviewer: To align with the rest of the doc.

---

At each stage of your project, you can get advice, support, and resources from the Flow ecosystem. Here's a breakdown of what you should be doing and what you can get at each stage:

## Product Idea

You've got an **idea** for an app, game, or project that you want to build on Flow.

### What you should be doing

* Developing the idea in a written format, such as a pitch deck, whitepaper, design doc, or business plan
* Writing software
* Joining a hackathon or buildathon

### What you can get

* Technical support
* Product support
* Marketing support for your launch
* DevRel

## MVP/Demo/Hackathon Project Complete

You've got something that works in a place others can use it and experience key features of your product.

### What you should be doing

* Writing software
* Integrating with service providers
* Getting user feedback and improving your product

### What you can get

* Free credits to third-party services (e.g. Alchemy)
* Feedback and guidance from Flow Foundation BD team
* DevRel
* Mentorship from startup founders
* GrantsDAO for funding (submit project and get voted on to continue post hackathon or entirely new)

> * Instagrant Funding (for projects that are ready to go live and have signs of PMF, does not cover engineering milestones typically)

Reviewer: I think a few of these are aspirational.

Lets update to:

Direct contact with Flow Foundation through a Developer Relations Lead.
Feedback and Guidence from the Flow Foundation team

## Live product on mainnet

Real people are using your app regularly and doing the types of things that you are or will eventually generate reveneu from (even if it's still a small number of users).

### What you should be doing

* Acquiring users
* Tracking metrics
* Improving your product
* Raising funds
* Micro grants

### What you can get

* BD Support (intros, etc)
* Dedicated slack or tg channel
* Fundraising support (investor network + accelerators)

> * Bounties for milestones aligning to ecosystem goals

Reviewer: Unsure if we want these publically known yet. 

Can we remove Fundraising Support and Bounties?

Update Dedicated slack or tg channel to be 
Dedicated Chat Channel with Flow Foundation Biz Dev.

* Side note i would update BD to Biz Dev other wise people might assume it means Brian Doyle.
